at the other extreme the whites and the blacks and we also have to
true formula 1 but he coach did not show an adult audience
a little bit of cod like this will have other continents to salmon baltar has
open a chip ee uu euros we hope that the climate of at stake pavone
santander black culture
but little by little
to pay the asparagus for its constant
I continue with this
if you keep a knife like you did before
in this case
but good as we have other pique gadgets present them not xisco well
we have already waited for your children in charge
let's see if we understand how to exceed 60
then then this is for you activision
is the best asparagus there
well then to hunt it game was very important
we protest the water the wind ended
then salt
and if we do not realize
is esparragoza floating
the Portuguese gone therefore 3
then delivered as a husband either with kitchen paper or with a rag
White
three above
for what reason
we will simply achieve that
Lara has completely covered herself with water
with that rag, that's why the paper
and it cooks but it happens
as you get to know this usually happens
as asparagus grapes to the opas what will only happen is that the part of
above have rusted if for that reason the alaveses coat throughout the tournament
in this way
we get
what
Rogen stage set
I know that this cloth knows, but it makes work submerge
very good results
do not
if we will see it oaxaca
Taiwan maintains that when you compare this tissue
the hardest part of the game
we remember and the stretches
these places of the real one is missing
DR response
outside little
in the case escudero of asparagus altered the dish what we're going to do
is
let's go to pray
the aiem to asparagus
and last season
we want this for latina
lima ago also advocated to make more goals acquired firmable the tide
delay love that I should take those rebound
this neglected to oppose
and under that task that we have after
white asparagus au gratin with smoked salmon the same as the cooked ones
black waist the ingredients for white salmon
boiled eggs raw egg yolk mayonnaise black olives pate
Pepper
for its preparation on asparagus we put some fillets teresa
smoked in this case neighbors that goes eighth to put
the graduates the cod
and the tuna
then cooked in slices with the mayonnaise the yolk and the paste of olives
we prepare the sauce of gratin we place it above the salmon and
free bouquets
and for its presentation once well browned by both and served hot
commented